README.md, before:

# `Basehub<>MUX` Demo

This is a [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/) API demo using [Hono](https://hono.dev/docs/getting-started/cloudflare-workers) for API routing. The flow looks something like this: `Basehub Webhook -> Our CF Worker API -> MUX`, then, in the opposite direction, we take the MUX asset information and store it on Basehub: `MUX Asset Info -> Our CF Worker API -> Basehub`. We achieve this by:

Exposing a `/mux` route that does the following in order:

* Authenticates the Basehub workflow webhook.
* Gets the uploaded video URL and creates an asset on MUX.
* Retrieves the MUX asset `Playback ID` and updates the `Mux Video Block` to store that ID.

On your frontend, you can grab that `Playback ID` to request the video stream from MUX. Take a look at this [Basehub public repo](https://basehub.com/joyco/basehub-mux-demo) to see the complete setup.

## Why did we choose this setup?

Basehub provides useful information about a source `.mp4` video, like `width`, `height`, and `aspect-ratio`. But it doesn’t serve `HLS` video format, which is known for reliable, fast playback and adaptive quality based on network conditions. Luckily, Basehub is an extensible platform that enables you to plug in any webhook triggered by an action taken over a block—that’s what’s happening here. We get the best of both worlds.

## Setup

You'll need an existing Basehub repo (see our [example repo here](https://basehub.com/joyco/basehub-mux-demo)), and a MUX account to upload videos to.

Add the following environment variables to your `.dev.vars` file:

```env
MUX_TOKEN_ID=""
MUX_TOKEN_SECRET=""
BASEHUB_TOKEN=""
BASEHUB_REF="main"
```

Commit message:

Update README.md to clarify the benefits of using Basehub with HLS video streaming, emphasizing dynamic video content management through a CMS.

README.md, after:

# `Basehub<>MUX` Demo

This is a [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/) API demo using [Hono](https://hono.dev/docs/getting-started/cloudflare-workers) for API routing. The flow looks something like this: `Basehub Webhook -> Our CF Worker API -> MUX`, then, in the opposite direction, we take the MUX asset information and store it on Basehub: `MUX Asset Info -> Our CF Worker API -> Basehub`. We achieve this by:

Exposing a `/mux` route that does the following in order:

* Authenticates the Basehub workflow webhook.
* Gets the uploaded video URL and creates an asset on MUX.
* Retrieves the MUX asset `Playback ID` and updates the `Mux Video Block` to store that ID.

On your frontend, you can grab that `Playback ID` to request the video stream from MUX. Take a look at this [Basehub public repo](https://basehub.com/joyco/basehub-mux-demo) to see the complete setup.

## Why did we choose this setup?

Basehub provides useful information about a source `.mp4` video, like `width`, `height`, and `aspect-ratio`. But it doesn’t serve `HLS` video format, which is known for reliable, fast playback and adaptive quality based on network conditions. Luckily, Basehub is an extensible platform that enables you to plug in any webhook triggered by an action taken over a block—that’s what’s happening here. We get the best of both worlds, dynamic video content managed through a CMS + HLS video streaming.

## Setup

You'll need an existing Basehub repo (see our [example repo here](https://basehub.com/joyco/basehub-mux-demo)), and a MUX account to upload videos to.

Add the following environment variables to your `.dev.vars` file:

```env
MUX_TOKEN_ID=""
MUX_TOKEN_SECRET=""
BASEHUB_TOKEN=""
BASEHUB_REF="main"
```
